TODO.md, before:

- [x] Quickstart following [this page](https://docs.github.com/en/pages/quickstart#changing-the-title-and-description)

- [x] Implement [Jekyll](https://docs.github.com/en/pages/setting-up-a-github-pages-site-with-jekyll). Skipped for javascript and css personal development started from [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/JavaScript_basics).

- [ ] Custom domain as [such](https://docs.github.com/en/pages/configuring-a-custom-domain-for-your-github-pages-site)

- [ ] Edit Side panel (created based on [this](https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_sidenav.asp#) page.)
    - [ ] Find icons for each item
    - [ ] Make always visible icons and hideable text
    - A good reference can be found [here](https://www.gracechuang.me/) and [here](https://www.mpkelley.com/)

- [ ] Add pages
    - [ ] Add actual pages and content for "About" at "Contact Me"
    - [ ] Allow "Contact Me" to send me an email when filled out and submitted
    - [ ] Add a Projects page
    - [ ] Investigate adding github repos linked interactively
    - [ ] Astro paper collaborations as well as masters
    - [ ] Poetry page
        - [ ] Add content

Commit message:

Side nav menu and animated toggle button

TODO.md, after:

# A TODO page for [my github page](https://justinothergitter.github.io/)

- [x] Quickstart following [this page](https://docs.github.com/en/pages/quickstart#changing-the-title-and-description)

- [x] Implement [Jekyll](https://docs.github.com/en/pages/setting-up-a-github-pages-site-with-jekyll). Skipped for javascript and css personal development started from [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/JavaScript_basics).

- [ ] Custom domain as [such](https://docs.github.com/en/pages/configuring-a-custom-domain-for-your-github-pages-site)

- [ ] Edit Side panel (created based on [this](https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_sidenav.asp#) page.)
    - [ ] Find icons for each item
        - [x] Animate toggle menu button like [so](https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_menu_icon.asp) and [so](https://dev.to/webdeasy/top-20-css-buttons-animations-f41)
    - [ ] Make always visible icons and hideable text
    - A good reference can be found [here](https://www.gracechuang.me/) and [here](https://www.mpkelley.com/)

- [ ] Add pages
    - [ ] Add actual pages and content for "About" at "Contact Me"
    - [ ] Allow "Contact Me" to send me an email when filled out and submitted
    - [ ] Add a Projects page
    - [ ] Investigate adding github repos linked interactively
    - [ ] Astro paper collaborations as well as masters
    - [ ] Poetry page
        - [ ] Add content
